README.md, before:

# GBS Svelte Blocks(Beta)(🎉 0.0.33-Beta is Live Now)

Svelte Version of GBS Building Block. Version (0.0.33-1-Beta).

### Whats New

- Bug Fixes and improvements.
- Removed bits-ui dependency from datepicker(Date Picker is in development and not recommended to use until become stable)

### Installation

```bash
npm i @grampro/svelte-block@latest
```

Additional Installation Steps.

`@grampro/svelte-block` is heavily relies on tailwind for styling, so you need to setup tailwind in your project. Installation for svelte tailwind can be found in [Here](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/guides/sveltekit).

For More Information about components visit [Documentation](https://gbs-svelte-bblock.netlify.app/)

For bugs, features and code visit [Github Repo](https://github.com/ananduremanan/svelte-component-library)

#### Known Bugs

- Type Error when installing on projects uses typescript:
  - Temporary Fix for this issue is closing the vs code(in case of vs code) and open the project again. (Status: In Progress)

Commit message:

Issue with Grid in Dark Mode is resolved

README.md, after:

# GBS Svelte Blocks(Beta)(🎉 0.0.33 is Live Now)

Svelte Version of GBS Building Block. Version (0.0.33-1-Beta).

### Whats New

- Bug Fixes and improvements.
- Removed bits-ui dependency from datepicker(Date Picker is in development and not recommended to use until become stable).
- Dark Mode Support For Grid.

### Installation

```bash
npm i @grampro/svelte-block@latest
```

Additional Installation Steps.

`@grampro/svelte-block` is heavily relies on tailwind for styling, so you need to setup tailwind in your project. Installation for svelte tailwind can be found in [Here](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/guides/sveltekit).

For More Information about components visit [Documentation](https://gbs-svelte-bblock.netlify.app/)

For bugs, features and code visit [Github Repo](https://github.com/ananduremanan/svelte-component-library)

#### Known Bugs

- Type Error when installing on projects uses typescript:
  - Temporary Fix for this issue is closing the vs code(in case of vs code) and open the project again. (Status: In Progress)
